TELCODOCS-2209#Update the OadpBackupStorageLocationStatus.yaml source CR (#91817)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-image-based-upgrade-installing-oadp.adoc

apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: BackupStorageLocation
metadata:
  name: dataprotectionapplication-1 <1>
  namespace: openshift-adp
  annotations:
    ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave: "100"
status:
  phase: Available
----

> <1> The `name` value in the `BackupStorageLocation` resource must follow the `<DataProtectionApplication.metadata.name>-<index>` pattern. The `<index>` represents the position of the corresponding `backupLocation` entry in the `spec.backupLocations` field in the `DataProtectionApplication` resource. The position starts from `1`. If the `metadata.name` value of the `DataProtectionApplication` resource is changed in the `OadpDataProtectionApplication.yaml` file, update the `metadata.name` field in the `BackupStorageLocation` resource accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `name` value in the `BackupStorageLocation` resource must follow the `<DataProtectionApplication.metadata.name>-<index>` pattern. The `<index>` represents the position of the corresponding `backupLocations` entry in the `spec.backupLocations` field in the `DataProtectionApplication` resource. The position starts from `1`. If the `metadata.name` value of the `DataProtectionApplication` resource is changed in the `OadpDataProtectionApplication.yaml` file, update the `metadata.name` field in the `BackupStorageLocation` resource accordingly.
```

                key: cloud
                name: cloud-credentials
              objectStorage:
                bucket: <your_bucket_name> <4>
                prefix: <cluster_name> <4>
    - fileName: OadpBackupStorageLocationStatus.yaml
      policyName: "config-policy"
----
<1> Specify your credentials for your S3 storage backend.

> <2> If there are more than one `backupLocation` defined in the `OadpDataProtectionApplication` CR, each `backupLocation` must have a corresponding `OadpBackupStorageLocation` CR added for status tracking. Ensure that the name of each additional `OadpBackupStorageLocation` CR is overridden with the correct index as described in the example `OadpBackupStorageLocationStatus.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> If more than one location is specified under `backupLocations` in the `OadpDataProtectionApplication` CR, ensure that each location has a corresponding `OadpBackupStorageLocation` CR added for status tracking. Ensure that the name of each additional `OadpBackupStorageLocation` CR is overridden with the correct index as described in the example `OadpBackupStorageLocationStatus.yaml` file.
```

Reviewer 2: To avoid using directional words, I'm rephrasing this as follows:
> If more than one `backupLocations` entries are defined in the `OadpDataProtectionApplication` CR, ...

Reviewer 3: I might have gone with _If more than one `backupLocations` entry is defined_. Not worth holding up the merge.

<3> Specify the URL for your S3-compatible bucket.

> <4> The `bucket` defines the bucket name that is created in S3 backend. The `prefix` defines the name of the subdirectory that will be automatically created in the `bucket`. The combination of `bucket` and `prefix` must be unique for each target cluster to avoid interference between them. To ensure a unique storage directory for each target cluster, you can use the {rh-rhacm} hub template function, for example, `prefix: {{hub .ManagedClusterName hub}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> The `bucket` defines the bucket name that is created in the S3 backend. The `prefix` defines the name of the subdirectory that gets automatically created in the `bucket`. The combination of `bucket` and `prefix` must be unique for each target cluster to avoid interference between them. To ensure a unique storage directory for each target cluster, you can use the {rh-rhacm} hub template function, for example, `prefix: {{hub .ManagedClusterName hub}}`.
```

Reviewer: Consider expanding RHACM as I do not see it fully defined in the document.

> <4> The `bucket` defines the bucket name that is created in S3 backend. The `prefix` defines the name of the subdirectory that will be automatically created in the `bucket`. The combination of `bucket` and `prefix` must be unique for each target cluster to avoid interference between them. To ensure a unique storage directory for each target cluster, you can use the {rh-rhacm-title} hub template function, for example, `prefix: {{hub .ManagedClusterName hub}}`.

Reviewer 3: Not worth holding up the merge, but...
```suggestion
<4> The `bucket` value defines the bucket name that is created in S3 backend. The `prefix` value defines the name of the subdirectory that will be automatically created in the `bucket`. The combination of `bucket` and `prefix` values must be unique for each target cluster to avoid interference between them. To ensure a unique storage directory for each target cluster, you can use the {rh-rhacm-title} hub template function, for example, `prefix: {{hub .ManagedClusterName hub}}`.
```
